OK.
Then our last lesson.
I asked you to try at this exercise to create a model to predict the median house price value using
these four parameters.
All for features.
Well here's the how I would tackle it.
I am using the formula API and this is how I was model.
The formula would be equal to y with the approximate shine to crim plaza that implies CHF is plus NOx
and the as I mention this is the API that will call already imported the SNF earlier star which is the
first model formula dot API and then we would name it as s map rather than typing the full name.
So the next thing then is to create an instance fitting the data and call it AML ice before and then
print the summary out.
And that's really the outcome of the actual model itself is actually substantially worse than before
twenty nine point five percent.
But nevertheless the purpose of this exercise is not so much for that is to get you familiar with the
API call itself so that you understand the actual procedures or how to code and extract the data.
And so that you can actually do some analysis and develop some understanding of the process to create
a machine learning model using a stats model
OK.
The there is one output I'm not too sure if you did actually pay attention to this no warnings here
which is a good sign but there was a warning here.
I don't know if you see this.
Number two the condition number is high one to the power of four tend to tend to the powerful.
And it actually gives you this indication.
This might indicate that there are strong multicolored minority or other numerical problems with the
underlying model that we use multicolored unity basically means that they are two or three features.
Basically we have features that actually are correlated with each other or closely correlated.
That would create a problem.
And basically you will create very unstable unstable estimation of our coefficient and that's not something
that you really want.
So having that warning which is this conditional number here means that we should actually drop in a
little bit the conditional number four this is substantially lower at 3 to 7.
So going back to the documentation that I provided earlier and this one is here this is a test for multicolor
annuity which is the conditional number.
Anything written 30 indicates unstable result.
So that's something that you do want to pay attention to.
So let's scroll down to how we actually deal with this.
You can use the correlation matrix.
It's something that we've seen before.
And what do actually we use this.
This is some way what we can actually use to helped in terms of identifying features that are closely
correlated on have multicolor unity problem and what we used to decimal place and create the so-called
correlation matrix.
And of course this is a little bit hard to read.
So I'm going to create a mask meaning anything that's actually less than points to X less than point
six or greater than minus point six.
We're going to make it zero.
So that does the math that I'm creating I'm just focused basically going to make them zero leaving the.
Anything that's graded in point six or less than minus point six are forced to study.
So we're going to dig into those with credit and point six or less ten minus zero point six.
Okay.
So run that again.
This is hard to read.
So I'm gonna create heat map they make it smaller so that we can actually visualize it in one screen
and here it is.
So you notice that they are low zero.
They are not actually zero.
They are those that's between minus point six and positive point six.
So everything in that range is being zero.
OK mate.
Now.
And as you can see here.
Whatever numbers left is one or graded in point six or less than minus point six and point six here
minus point six one minus points and five.
So if we just look one side of this then you notice the index is actually quite closely correlated to
a few things set in is closely related.
I s cream is correlated to a D.
So these are the things that you probably do want to dig in a little bit more to develop further intuition
and understanding as to why it is like that.
There are other ways I'm going to show you another way which is using eigenvalues and what it shows
here is that not that index 8 which is highlighted here with the eigenvalues of zero point zero six
three five.
Well because I heavily said these two I just change this.
OK.
So just copy that on a code come back down here.
So that you can actually see the whole thing changed to for this market OK that's better because it's
near to zero or very small compared to others.
Small value here really mean that there is a present of continuity.
What exactly is the number eight.
So you can see here that's there.
And likewise you can see index nine eight to have very high loading when compared against the rest.
So which one are these.
So let's begin there induce our I.D. and texts which we already identify here earlier in this text and
our I.D. though seems to be the troublemakers in all of these.
OK.
So essentially we can identify using either what I showed you earlier which is the hit MAB using correlation
matrix or using again vectors I get from I can vectors you can X picked it up those with small eigenvalues
or using I can vectors large I can vectors.
OK.
So those are the two ways of picking them up.
Coming from another angle we want to revisit the feature importance.
And as far as the extraction itself we can check for the direction of the coefficient and the.
Also the actual impact of the variable affect that on the model.
So we have these 13.
So if I plot these so-called tax and also plot the Nox itself there's something that should actually
stand out.
If you look carefully.
Number one.
When I plot the tanks you can see a range from 200 to 700.
If you look at NOx they range from point four to 1.
The scale of these two are really quite large and never suppress the core coefficient itself which is
not an ideal situation.
What we can do is actually standardize that variable.
Okay.
That's one way to do it.
I'm going to quickly show you the outcome of this but not showing you how to do it.
OK.
But I will go through the how to standardize variable in future lesson.
For now we're going to use psychic land to Bute the model and we also are going to standardize our variable
so that it is between 0 and 1.
Okay so let's run these codes of sound so just trust me in this.
Okay I'm not going to talk through these because they're just far too much information.
I will go through them one by one with you.
But trust me that I will come back to this in the future lesson so that you actually get a better and
deeper appreciation of this.
Right.
Having run all that the coefficient of the so-called model comes out to be this.
And one thing you probably won't notice is that the coefficient is a lot more uniform.
Now again it starts from zero point zero two to three point seven.
Not as bad as what we had before in terms of the beta.
Let me just try to go back there in terms of beta.
Let me just go back there.
So we look at the beta here it range from what is the smallest zero point zero zero nine three.
Yeah.
And all the way to 36 the range is substantially larger and wider than what we have here.
After your events you have actually standardize it.
OK.
So that's the one thing that I want to highlight Kaye in one of the last method that you can utilized
is to use our squares to identify the features that the core key features.
How do you do that.
This compare our square of the models against ICE square of models without a feature.
Okay.
When you have a significant change in our square basically does signify the importance of the variable
or the feature that is not present so the compare and contrast is useful.
We're going to do one example here with or without our test 80s.
So let's just run this.
Okay.
So when you actually take away our S.A.T. notice that there's a four here.
And what about if we x remove age.
Well when you remove age notice that from here to here there's no difference.
But from here to here there's a substantial drop in our stead then.
Is it still a significant feature or more significant feature when you compare that with age and likewise
it's pretty clear from what we have done before after the so-called standardized version you can see
the Alastair is the most significant of the lot versus age which is a very small part of the actual
model itself.
Well I hope that has been somewhat enlightening.
No there are a lot of information that has been gone through there.
You probably are feeling a little bit overloaded now which is totally understandable.
But I hope the step by step process helps you to actually get some grasp of the floor at the very least
and the approach as the second thing that I want to highlight to you.
And last but not least do practice I believe this is not there's no substitute to practicing so that
you actually have some appreciation of the steps to process and last but not least and I think is probably
one of the more important approach to learning machine learning is to actually play a role to play around
with each of the features.
So what I've illustrate to you is taking our step out taking age out try that with each and every one
of those variables and trust me in this.
The more you play with it the more intuition that you will develop and the better that you actually
understand how the whole system works.
With that I'm going to stop.
Thank you for watching.
I look forward to seeing in the next lesson.